/*
Filename : README
Author : Zhi Jia Teoh
User id : cs30xjk
Date : 14 Feb 2017
Sources of help : TAs and Piazza
*/


Description
-----------
This programs can be run with either zero argument or one argument
which is the filename. If a file is present, the commands will be
read from there. Else, the program will prompt user for their 
commands. The program creates a lightBank, which is an array of unsigned int
of two elements. It will then prompt user commands that will modify
the lightBanks, or display its output. Command set can be used to
set the lightBanks, command toggle can be used to switch on and off
of the bits depending on the pattern, command clear is used to clear
off bits depending on pattern, command rotate rotates the bits, command
shift shifts the bit, command help displays the options and command
quit will exit the program. 


How to compile
--------------
Get to the directory containing the source files. The Makefile
must be present in the same directory. Type "make" without the
" " to compile.


How to run
----------
Type the path of the filename with zero arg or filename arg

<IF IN SAME DIRECTORY>
Example : ./pa2


Normal Output
-------------
Normal output is printed to stdout. 

Example:

[cs30xjk@ieng9]:pa2:555$ ./pa2
---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
> 


Abnormal output
---------------
Abnormal output is printed to stderr.

Example:

[cs30xjk@ieng9]:pa2:570$ ./pa2 file file2

	Usage: /home/solaris/ieng9/cs30x/cs30xjk/pa2 [filename]


Testing
-------
The program was tested using the publicly available pa2test to compare
the input and output. Both programs showed no difference in their output 
by using diff command to compare the output files of both programs. Also, the
program is tested with different kind of options such as command that
needs multiple arguments, or command that requires one argument, or commands
that require only digits and no alphabets and commands that do not exists.
Unit testing is also done on specific routines.


Question
--------
1. What is the command to rename a file?
mv

2. What is the command to copy a file?
cp

3. What happens when you select text and then middle click in the
vim editor when in insert/input mode?
It'll copy and paste the text selected.

4. What is a .vimrc file, and how do you create/edit them?
.vimrc file contains the optional runtime configuration setting for 
vim initialization. To create or edit, type the command
"vim .vimrc" without the " ".

5. What is the command to cut a full line of text to the clipboard in vim?
How do you paste it?
Press "esc" to enter the normal mode, press "V" to select the full line.
Next, press "X" to cut the line. Finally, press "P" to paste the line.

6. How do you search for a string in vim?
Command "/string" to search.

7. How do you turn on line numbers in vim?
Command "set num" to on the line numbers in vim.

8. How can you quickly (with a single Linux command) change directory to 
a directory named fubar that is in your home (login) directory?
Ccommand "cd ~/fubar" will change to directory fubar.

9. How do you change the permissions on a file?
Command "chmod g+r file" to enable read permission on group.

10. Why are professional engineers expected to act with integrity?
To maintain the highest standard possible, and also because it is
in accordance to the moral and ethics of any civilized society.
